README.md, before:

# ARI by SENDHELP Studios <img src="./[SENDHELP] Studios/[SENDHELP] Logos/shs_transparent.png" alt="SHS" align="right" width="150"/>

<br>

## _An Innovative First-Person, Sci-Fi, Cybersecurity Escape Room Experience_

---
### Trailer
[![Watch the trailer here](https://i.imgur.com/aIieKXf.png)](https://youtu.be/d_8eWLMA32Y)

---
### Overview
ARI is an educational first-person puzzle escape room game designed to teach good cybersecurity practices to all audiences. Our goal is to create an enjoyable learning experience through interactive gameplay while simultaneously providing a robust cybersecurity education. ARI will provide insight into the level of knowledge students or employees have and gain as they progress through the levels of the game, and it won’t break the bank in the process. 

Human error is often the biggest threat to cybersecurity. Currently, there exist few teaching software applications designed to prevent cybersecurity breaches due to this. The ones that do exist are often simple, ineffective video modules, or extremely expensive. ARI strives to provide a low cost, interactive, enjoyable, and effective way to teach people about the risks that exist in their day-to-day online activities. By teaching users about concepts like good password development and phishing, ARI aims to help prevent security breaches caused by human error. 

ARI is designed for all audiences, but is particularly effective for high school and college students, as well as young professionals. 

This game was developed during the fall of 2021 over the span of fourteen weeks. Under the supervision of Marist professors Brian Gormanly (brian.gormanly@marist.edu) and Casimer DeCusatis (casimer.decusatis@marist.edu), a team of ten senior students elected to make this cybersecurity training experience a reality.  

Can [download the executable](https://sendhelp-studios.itch.io/ari) and learn more at [aricyberthink.com](http://aricyberthink.com/). For those interested in playtesting the game, please consider filling out [this survey](https://forms.gle/uFqK139JihfDxVa16) with your feedback.

<p align="center">
    <img src="./[SENDHELP] Studios/aricyberthink.png" alt="WebsiteQR" width="200"/>
</p>

---
### Reviews

Open House Visitor #1 
>“We have to do a lot of cybersecurity training at work. This would be much more fun and enjoyable”

Open House Visitor #3
>"ARI melds the fun of gaming with the difficult concepts of cybersecurity. Its a successful crossover of both industries"

Beta Tester #8
>“I thought it was real good for learning about cyber security!”

Beta Tester #15
>“I learned enough about passwords that it made me reconsider my current methods”    

---
### SENDHELP Studios Members:
Omar Dirahoui (OmarDirah92@gmail.com) - Information Technology Stand-In, Leader, and Computer Science Programmer 

Erin Alvarico (erinalvarico@gmail.com) - Information Systems Stand-In, Producer, and Computer Science Programmer

Dominick Avitabile (zxcthunder@gmail.com) - Cybsecurity Designer

Liyuan Jin (jonny.jin14@gmail.com) - Computer Science Programmer

Bryan Mah (bmah818@gmail.com) - Cybersecurity Designer

Michelle Maloney (mmaloney11600@gmail.com) - Cybersecurity Designer

Joseph McDonough (josephlmcdonough@gmail.com) - Computer Science Programmer and Cybersecurity Designer

Scott Scherzer (scottyscherzer@gmail.com) - Computer Science Programmer

Brian Sprague (spraguebrian2@gmail.com) - Cybersecurity Designer

Aiden Sweeney (aidansweeney42@gmail.com) - Computer Science Programmer

--- 
### Repository Contents

`[SENDHELP] ARI` for the game

`[SENDHELP] Studios` for documentation and presentation material

Commit message:

Updating readme to include information about business plan competition, ecc conference, and classroom appearance

README.md, after:

# ARI by SENDHELP Studios <img src="./[SENDHELP] Studios/[SENDHELP] Logos/shs_transparent.png" alt="SHS" align="right" width="150"/>

<br>

## _An Innovative First-Person, Sci-Fi, Cybersecurity Escape Room Experience_

---
### Trailer
[![Watch the trailer here](https://i.imgur.com/aIieKXf.png)](https://youtu.be/d_8eWLMA32Y)

---
### Overview
ARI is an educational first-person puzzle escape room game designed to teach good cybersecurity practices to all audiences. Our goal is to create an enjoyable learning experience through interactive gameplay while simultaneously providing a robust cybersecurity education. ARI will provide insight into the level of knowledge students or employees have and gain as they progress through the levels of the game, and it won’t break the bank in the process. 

Human error is often the biggest threat to cybersecurity. Currently, there exist few teaching software applications designed to prevent cybersecurity breaches due to this. The ones that do exist are often simple, ineffective video modules, or extremely expensive. ARI strives to provide a low cost, interactive, enjoyable, and effective way to teach people about the risks that exist in their day-to-day online activities. By teaching users about concepts like good password development and phishing, ARI aims to help prevent security breaches caused by human error. 

ARI is designed for all audiences, but is particularly effective for high school and college students, as well as young professionals. 

This game was developed during the fall of 2021 over the span of fourteen weeks. Under the supervision of Marist professors Brian Gormanly (brian.gormanly@marist.edu) and Casimer DeCusatis (casimer.decusatis@marist.edu), a team of ten senior students elected to make this cybersecurity training experience a reality.  

Since then, ARI, and a paper regarding its development process, have been presented at the [Mid-Hudson Regional Business Plan Competition](https://www.marist.edu/computer-science-math/mid-hudson-regional-business-plan-competition) and later the [14th Annual ECC Conference](https://ecc.marist.edu/web/conference2022), where it won the cybersecurity award for best in its category. 

Additionally, ARI will be used in a classroom setting with high school students for the first time in the summer of 2022. 

Can [download the executable](https://sendhelp-studios.itch.io/ari) and learn more at [aricyberthink.com](http://aricyberthink.com/). For those interested in playtesting the game, please consider filling out [this survey](https://forms.gle/uFqK139JihfDxVa16) with your feedback.

<p align="center">
    <img src="./[SENDHELP] Studios/aricyberthink.png" alt="WebsiteQR" width="200"/>
</p>

---
### Reviews

Open House Visitor #1 
>“We have to do a lot of cybersecurity training at work. This would be much more fun and enjoyable”

Beta Tester #8
>“I thought it was real good for learning about cyber security!”

Beta Tester #15
>“I learned enough about passwords that it made me reconsider my current methods”    

---
### SENDHELP Studios Members:
Omar Dirahoui (OmarDirah92@gmail.com) - Information Technology Stand-In & Leader 

Erin Alvarico (erinalvarico@gmail.com) - Information Systems Stand-In & Producer

Dominick Avitabile (zxcthunder@gmail.com) - Cybsecurity Designer

Liyuan Jin (jonny.jin14@gmail.com) - Computer Science Programmer

Bryan Mah (bmah818@gmail.com) - Cybersecurity Designer

Michelle Maloney (mmaloney11600@gmail.com) - Cybersecurity Designer

Joseph McDonough (josephlmcdonough@gmail.com) - Computer Science Programmer and Cybersecurity Designer

Scott Scherzer (scottyscherzer@gmail.com) - Computer Science Programmer

Brian Sprague (spraguebrian2@gmail.com) - Cybersecurity Designer

Aiden Sweeney (aidansweeney42@gmail.com) - Computer Science Programmer

--- 
### Repository Contents

`[SENDHELP] ARI` for the game

`[SENDHELP] Studios` for documentation and presentation material
